The Joe Rogan experience. Well,
Fox news has taken a turn ladies and gentlemen, they are, uh,
they seem to have made a conscious internal decision to, uh,
not favor Donald Trump.
I don't think Fox news was ever that behind Donald Trump. I mean,
there's a few people at Fox news who are hardcore behind Donald Trump,
but as an organization, I mean,
remember they were very hostile to him in the Republican primary.
He wasn't the Fox news guy, Jeb Bush was the Fox news guy. Um, and he,
I think a lot of people were very happy, are very happy to get rid of.
Him. You see that article again? This is interesting.
I wonder what that means. X hot hunter Biden, associates records don't show,
but what does that mean?
So they don't [inaudible] but listen to this X hunter Biden's
associate's records, don't show proof of Biden,
business relationship amid unanswered questions. That doesn't mean.
Much. No. Well, what he claimed was that, and they're saying Joe Biden,
that he couldn't prove Joe Biden was a,
it's a very confusing title because he claimed that he had met with Joe Biden
and Joe Biden was aware of all the dealings that that hunter was doing here.
Fox.
News has revealed email reviewed emails from look at that name, Bob Balinsky,
uh, related to the venture.
And they don't show that the elder Biden had business dealings. Yeah. But see,
I could that's that's weird. Like, you know,
we can say that Jamie is my business associate, right. And if I'm, uh,
involved in some shady and Jamie doesn't know about it,
and Jamie and I are emailing back and forth and they get into Jamie's emails and
they say, X Joe, Rogan's a business associate doesn't show.
Any association you should making the claim is that.
This is the evidence is the emails though. They're like, Hey,
we found some emails and emails say this,
and now they're saying this fog court and the Fox news, or like that does,
that's not what they say. Right.
But the emails to who is it to that guy,
because if it's not to that guy, then this is not relative.
And then they're playing games with words.
Like I would have to read what exactly they're saying, what exactly he's saying.
I've looked a couple of times. I've,
that's what I sorta just looking again where normally this gets leaked.
You know, like when all the celebrities got their iClouds leaked,
all those pictures hit the internet instantly and you could find them all over
the place. These emails are, have like barely been seen by. I feel like anybody,
well.
These emails, I believe he turned these over to the FBI. Um,
so I don't know, you know,
where they would leak from not to say that they couldn't leak. But I think the,
the point of this article is that what he claimed with this bobble Linsky guy
claimed was that Joe Biden himself was very involved in all the business deals
that that hunter and him were doing.
And that his emails couldn't prove that because they, you know, the thing was,
they said they had these references to like the big guy and stuff like that,
but that they couldn't prove that that, that Joe Biden knew about this.
But he's claiming whether this is true or not.
He's claiming that he's met Joe Biden several times and they've talked about it.
And Joe Biden was well aware of what hunter Biden was doing,
where he was making his money from. Again,
I think it's kind of run of the mill political scandal. That, that aspect of it,
the bigger thing is like that this goes on all over the place, right?
I mean all over the place, like th the, the conflicts of interest,
the corruption where you see where Obama, you know,
w w was spoke after he's president,
we get like $400,000 or something like that for a speech in front of bankers.
And he was the guy who like, presided over the bank, bailout,
and then you get out and it's like, oh,
here's what the bankers really just wanted to hear. Barack Obama speak. I mean,
he's a good speaker, but come on, man. Like Hillary got a lot of those too.
Oh yeah. Tons of them.
And that's where they make the bulk of their money. Right.
When they get out of the office, then they do these speeches. Yeah.
Which is kind of hilarious.
Clinton and bill Clinton, I believe the ballpark numbers,
they left the white house. They were like net worth was around $4 million.
And then it was like, well, over a hundred million dollars by 2016.
So they made a lot of money after today.
Us plan sale of F 35 fighter, Jesse UAE, and $23 billion arms deal.
Trump administration.
Yep. They're saying that I was reading today.
They're saying he's making a bunch of deals now on his way out. Oh, I'm sure.
That a plan to sell 50 advanced F 35 fighters to the United Arab Emirates as a
part of a broader arms deal worth more than 23 billion.
That's the weird thing about someone on the way out they can do something.
Well, I don't know that he's on the way out. I mean, he's,
you don't think he's on the way. Well, yeah. He's oh,
he's almost certainly not the way out, but he's going to fight it.
Yeah. But do you know how insanely difficult it is to prove, first of all,
to prove that there's voter fraud and then to prove there's enough voter fraud,
where they could overturn.
It's, uh,
it's incredibly difficult and it's not just that he would have to do that.
He'd have to do that in a few different states.
And so it's an incredibly difficult task. Uh, but it's pretty interesting.
This is unlike anything I've ever seen before,
where you have one president just saying like, no,
this was and I'm going to fight it legally.
And another thing that I thought was really weird, uh,
from the press is that they, so there, I saw it twice now,
um, was on MSNBC and CNN where he was giving a press conference talent saying
how the votes were stolen from him. And the system was unfair and they cut away.
They say, we will not show this because he's lying.
And then just the other day on Fox news, Neil, Cavuto cut away from, uh,
Trump's press secretary saying there was voter fraud. And he goes, well,
you know, we can't verify that. So we can't air this on our, and he's like,
look, man, whatever you want to say, this is a story, right?
The fact that the president is claiming voter fraud is a story.
So air this and then debunk it afterward. But what is this thing where you go,
no, we won't show people. Right? You can't see this story well,
because the lies could poison.
You or something. What if it's proven to be true? What if there is voter fraud?
Well, there.
Is, it's a question of how widespread it is. Cause there's always voter fraud,
which is another secret that they don't like to tell,
but there's always some degree of voting.
You find it odd that everybody insists that it's impossible to vote like
safely and accurately online.
Uh, yes. I find that odd. I also find it really, really odd that we,
um, overhauled the way we do voting in this country.
And that now it's almost an entirely different process where both candidates are
getting way more votes than they would normally get.
And it's just very weird.
There were a lot of things that were weird about this election.
Like the actual logistics of it.
Seemed like if we can bank online, we should be able to vote online.
It doesn't seem like if you could use like apple pay or Samsung pay or something
like that and go buy something, you know, you use your fingerprint. Yeah.
And it registers your fingerprint. And then you could, you could buy a house.
Right? I mean, if you, I mean, how much can you spend on apple pay?
There's no limits.
It's not about like that. It's the ease for everyone.
Not everybody has that access.
And I was telling everyone, get kit together. Like.
They had to the day of the elections,
they were supposed to be where I'm from in Columbus, Franklin county,
they were supposed to have like registration via iPads or something. Right.
And that morning they were not confident that everything got downloaded.
So they just scrapped the whole thing, went back to paper. It was like that day.
So it just the problem with.
These weird deadlines,
like we have to choose the leader in the free world and 20 hours ready go.
Yeah. Like what is this a big, important thing? Like,
do we really want to boil this down to 20 hours?
The whole process is retarded. Like the whole thing about it,
the whole thing that it's like. So we, the,
the system is that we have to basically like 10,000 votes in
Wisconsin is going to determine which half of the country is furious and
which half is like elated because they get to rule over the other half now.
And then hopefully in four years they can be happy and you're miserable cause
they get to rule over you. Now it's so bizarre.
It's democracy in general is a very bizarre process to have it in a country.
This big, with this powerful of a government, it makes it insane. Like we're,
we're going to determine the course of history based off what a few votes in
swing states determine. There's gotta be a better way.
And this thing about Plato, excuse me about Socrates. Socrates was, uh,
he was talking about how he didn't like the idea of democracy
because Socrates felt like in order to make really important
choices,
you should almost have to prove your understanding of these issues and that
this, if it wasn't the case, I'm pretty sure it was Socrates. Look,
look that up just in case. Cause he,
he saw the pro like what we basically have,
like there's a lot of people that were on the ballot in California. I was like,
what is this guy doing? What does he want? I didn't know much about them. Yeah.
And I was like, Hmm, does that sound right? I mean,
I'm looking at this thing for an hour, right?
I've got an hour to go and then I can Google some of these, these bills. Right.
And that's just me, how many people didn't. I mean,
I gave a very cursory review of these
ideas. How many people didn't at all,
they just went blue all across the board or read all across the board.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify,
Bubba.